hi there and welcome to draw stuff real
easy and down the draw your face 3/4 on
and it's going to be trying to make this
the same character as the one I did
yesterday click here if you didn't see
yesterday's and why am I going to do a
3/4 which kind of makes it harder why
don't I do it from the Sun it because
drawing the simple character I did
yesterday from the side is actually much
harder than drawing it from 3/4 in a
strange kind of way so look this has
become of the ball of the head if you
watch my skull video look at the scale
video turn this ball is with 3d kind of
thing so his head is you can kind of
feel feel it coming around there and
it's kind of coming there right we had
we had a 3-way kind of thing you may
remember
so if well we can split this into thirds
didn't we
and the eyes were coming pretty much in
the middle right so you're gonna want to
put one eye there and one eye there and
kind of followed this line so that
they're on the same line the nose again
you just need a little like that and and
again a kind of a curve for the mouth
but but it's not gonna be straight over
you didn't have a kind of an edge to the
teeth the dis minding there and eyebrow
the ears are much further back than you
imagined remember with the skull you've
got this great long jaw bone there so
the ears are much further back than you
really think they are and again you
cannot put on too much hair is that
gonna fit in you cannot give him enough
yeah okay people always put not enough
hair on there I've given that same kind
of t-shirt and there's pretty much the
same character I put the hair in first
is like that and then remember their
eyes were this kind of I don't know what
the world but everything over it's a
colon or something like that or an
apostrophe or something that someone
will correct me now you might want to
bring that in a little bit and curve it
around for the nose you could make that
go around a little bit maybe on that
side draw a curve for the mouth and then
slightly straight down and back there
and then a little bit of kind of opening
for the smile look further nose
underneath and that keeps it really
really simple if you start trying to put
eyebrows you know eyelids and eyelashes
in that gets really complicated so keep
it simple and if you tried to turn it to
the side the nose gets in the way and it
does all sorts of things learn to do
from the front from the side and you can
do everything with that okay
if you enjoyed that I got a message for
you thanks for watching and if you want
more longer videos try my other channel
pull shoo rayner drawing i've also got
another channel shoo rayner life which
is all about what I get up to you can
find out much more about me at my books
on shoo rayner dot-com and you can
follow me on Twitter Facebook and
Google+ if you like drawing and you want
to do more click here and subscribe to
this channel so you can keep up with all
the stuff that I'm doing on draw stuff
real easy
I'll see you soon take care bye bye